CA, a sell averaging C4,
is the most commonly used C4 detection technique.
As seen in the previous lesson,
the 50 blocks are generated on implementing
range and Doppler FFTs across a number of charts.
A C4 per sales includes,
a sliding of a window across the cells in these FFT block.
The process looks across the cells,
and decides the presence of targets based on the noise estimate.
The sliding window consist of the following cells: First,
is the cell under test.
This is the cell that is tested to detect the presence of the target,
by comparing the signal level against the noise estimate, that is the threshold.
Next are the training cells.
The level of noise is measured over training cells.
They can be divided into two regions,
the cells lagging the cell under test called lagging training cells,
and the cells leading the training cells called leading training cells.
As you see in the equation,
noise is estimated by averaging the noise level within the training cells.
In some cases, either leading or lagging cell average is taken.
In others, the leading and lagging cell average is combined,
and higher average is taken as a noise level.
The number of training cells should be decided based on the environment.
In a dense traffic scenario,
fewer training cells should be used as
closely spaced targets can impact the noise estimate.
Last, the guard cells.
The cells just next to the cell in the test are assigned as guard cells.
The purpose of the guard cells is to avoid
the target signal from leaking into the training cells,
which can adversely affect the noise estimate.
The number of guards cells should be decided based on
the leakage of the target signal out of the cell and the test.
If the cell target size is large,
they often get into surrounding bins.